---
title: Consensual Incest - Part 2
category: education
layout: post
---

By: [Jane Doe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmNdn0tqqYFUx_j9uSnpTjA)

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cCpgYYsZbsM?list=PLXUGSp0pkGyGnZzfk0HvI6yXoNOwroBkk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

This is the second video about
consensual incest. Here i will explore
the different arguments for keeping our
sexuality illegal and then I will expose
them for what they are: invalid arguments.
These arguments serve to maintain the
status quo until they are
comprehensively debunked.

One argument is
that incest will confuse family roles
and in so doing destabilize the
family unit. For a start,
family roles are flexible to begin with.
No two families are the same.

For example,
in some families, older siblings have
duties to look after younger ones. In
other families this is not the case.
Some parents are overbearing to their
children well into their twenties or
beyond, and in others they become more
like friends to their children when
adolescence is over. There is no one
interpretation of normal family life to
begin with. There is no proper baseline as there
is so much diversity already.

Within an
incest relationship, the existing family
role does not cease to be. It tends to
occur within more liberal families where
there is less sense of rigidness and
more sense of friendship.

It takes for people to let their guard
down to be open to such possibilities.
When the romantic relationship begins it
is not necessary to redefine the
existing family dynamic. Rather, the new
romance fits around the family
relationships. It is __in addition__ and not a
replacement of the family relationship.

Even if it was true that incest
destabilizes the family unit, it is not
the choice of the participants. After all,
several legal activities may do the same
thing such as having an affair, alcohol
abuse, reckless and obsessive gambling --
the list goes on.

People take risks all the time, and that
is not against the law.
The truth is that these innocent people
are not about to destabilize the family
unit by falling in love, and even if they
did, that isn't the business of the state.
That's a private matter for individual
to resolve for themselves.

People often worry also that it is a
case of one person abusing another.
This is rarely the case because family
members tend to care more about each
other than they would any outside person.
This is a common misperception based
upon news articles depicting people
sexually abusing children or raping
somebody that they are related to.

I will
say it again: monsters like
that do not represent the
consanguinamorous community.
People who perpetrate abuse belong in
jail. In a consanguinamorous romance, the people
involved experience both the family love
and the romantic love simultaneously.
They love and care for each other in
both ways.

People tend to be concerned
particularly about parent-offspring
relationships. In this regard they view
them as inherently unbalanced in favor
of the parent. I strongly disagree with
this view because most parents in these
relationships pretty much bend over
backwards not to enforce their interests
too much. They want to be perfect
partners to their offspring.

Remember
that being both older and being parents
they are terrified almost of getting it
wrong. In some cases the offspring can
take advantage and the parent can also
become a victim
so the argument that is inherently
abusive is in nonsense. Abuse can and
does happen in any kind of relationship
and it is hardly unique to consanguinamory,
yet we do not make other
relationships illegal on the basis that
abuse may happen only abuse itself is
illegal
this same logic should be applied to
incest couples if there is abuse then
the abuse should be illegal if there is
a happy loving relationship there is no
reason to ban it
many people find the concept of incest
disgusting and they wanted to remain
illegal for that reason this is really
an argument because if everyone was to
ban whatever they found disgusting there
would be very little that remained legal
some people find gay sex disgusting
some people find straight sex disgusting
some people find S&M disgusting
some people find dressing up as Batman
and banging your neighbor disgusting and
yet none of these things are breaking
the law
why should the lawmakers
legislate based upon what some other
person might find offensive
it makes no sense whatsoever if somebody
doesn't want to hear about something
that's fine don't listen to information
about it a major argument against incest
is that it will lead to deformed babies
for a start we do not burn other couples
who may produce deformed babies from
marrying and having children
these include couples who have a
congenital disease disabled people and
older women we aren't in the business of
eugenics and so if they want to keep
incest illegal on this count their
attitudes towards these other groups
should also be under review
furthermore it is a known fact that in
ancient Egyptian society as much as
twenty percent of the population was
married to a member of their immediate
family most often brother and sister yet
there is no record of twenty percent of
the population being disabled or even
slightly impaired
this means that the risks associated
with inbreeding are exaggerated to a
rather large degree three-headed babies
are a myth that's not to say of course
that there isn't an increased risk the
surely is but it is not as big risk as
the authorities would have you believe
even if it were true sufficiently few
people are in incestuous relationships
that they would make any significant
impact on the health of the gene pool
most people are by nature adverse to
meeting with a family member
even if a small number of people do
turnout disabled is that necessarily the
end of the world and other lives with
any less what does this say of our
attitudes towards the disabled in
general would it be better they were
never born
what have all the disabled people born
two unrelated parents are their lives
also not worth living
you know all those people with a
deformed limb or with Down syndrome of
course their lives are worthy of living
we should not argue otherwise as it is
an insult to the disabled community
some say that incest is against nature
it is apparently unnatural I would
dispute this
because a small minority within most
species are perfectly happy to meet with
their close family members and therefore
it is no shock that the same where
tendency exists within human beings also
some say that the legalization of incest
will lead to the legalization of
pedophilia or at least make life easier
for pedophiles I strongly disagree with
this argument because the two are not
the same thing a pedophile is sexually
attracted to prepubescent children he or
she may or may not act upon these
attractions the predatory paedophile may
do the molesting in or out of the family
home and the victims may or may not be
related to the perpetrator some
pedophiles have claimed that they are
incestuous because they have attacked a
minor member of their family but it is
worth noting that in times gone by other
predatory pedophiles have claimed to be
gay while molesting boys children these
monsters pretend to attach themselves to
legitimate forms of sexuality in order
to steal its legitimacy incest is sexual
relationships between adult family
members not between adults and related
miners laws already exists to protect
minors from the prediction of adults
that is the reason that the age of
consent exists anyone below this age is
considered too young to enter into a
sexual relationship that's not to say
that relationships between very
similarly aged miners order to be a
legal matter but adults should never
interfere with minors in this way for
example a fourteen-year-old girl and her
 year old brother may be experimenting
with sexuality and this need not be a
problem but a -year old uncle doing
the same with her is clearly not
acceptable or morally right
that brings me to another point who or
what decides what is morally right
what sets the bar often incest is
described as immoral why tradition may
say so but it's not like tradition is
the fount of all knowledge immoral in my
eyes is anything that harms others
therefore cheating is immoral lying is
immoral and stealing is a moral but for
in love with a family member and having
a sexual relationship that does not harm
anyone and therefore is not immoral
there is no good solid reason to make
these relationships illegal
furthermore there is the related
argument that it is a sin against god I
disagree here it is a known fact that
the wife of the Prophet Abraham was his
sister Sarah if Constantine memory was a
sin
why would God choose one of our people
to be the founder of the three major
religions Judaism Christianity and Islam
all share Abraham as their founding
father
it says in Leviticus in the Bible that
incest is not allowed but doesn't that
contradict the prophet Isaiah shin of a
man who was clearly Constantine Andres
if god was that bothered about being
anti incest wouldn't he have chosen
somebody who was not involved with his
sister while this is contradictory and
interesting there is a more important
point here to make we live in a secular
society and in a secular society the
final rules and regulations of religion
or even the general points of religion
need had no bearing on secular
legislation to this end I will say that
it's against my religion is not a valid
excuse to ban the sexual lives of others
who do not fall within the allowable
scope of any given religious belief
system if it's against your faith then
don't do it yourself obviously but don't
stop others from doing it as you can see
the arguments against the legalization
of consensual incest are flimsy at best
isn't it time while people had their
full rights isn't it time we were free
to show affection to each other in
public without retribution and isn't it
time society re-evaluated their opinions
of us
time will tell but just exposing people
to this knowledge makes a difference if
you would like more information about
consensual incest then please visit my
blog atkinson gunnery dot wordpress.com
and read the articles and visit the
links section where I link to other
websites which contain more information.
