---
title: Consensual Incest - Introduction (Part 1)
category: education
layout: post
---

By: [Jane Doe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmNdn0tqqYFUx_j9uSnpTjA)

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RLfNtl4DZdE?list=PLXUGSp0pkGyGnZzfk0HvI6yXoNOwroBkk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

hello this video is the first in a
series that will be laying out the
arguments for the legalization of
consensual incest and more than that
forgiving people who love their family
members the right to marry before you
dclick back and exit the video ask
yourself how you would feel if you were
a member of a seriously oppressed and
hated minority who harmed nobody
how would you feel if you were told that
you could not be with the person you
love the most
on pain of going to jail and being
labeled a sex offender that is what we
as a community are up against its time
some of us spoke out and help to change
the attitudes people hold to challenge
the prejudices that hold us back and to
show the world who we are without shame
or fear many people within the community
are uncomfortable with the word incest
for a start it makes people think of
child abusers and rapists people who
rightfully should be in jail our
community hates these monsters every bit
as much as everyone else we are your
ally in this not your enemy
we prefer the term concentration memory
literally meaning lovers of family just
like everyone else we simply fall in
love and want to be with that person in
all other aspects of life we are
ordinary people living ordinary lives we
only want the right to live that life
without fear of persecution and
prosecution
there are two main forms of Constantine
memory
the first is what is traditionally
called incest meaning people who were
brought up alongside or by their chosen
life partner if you think this doesn't
happen
think again because there are many of us
the romantic one does not destroy or
even weekend the family bond it is in
addition to it and in fact in many cases
even makes it stronger
we call this double love and it is a
unique bond unlike any other when it
happens it is Magic the intensity and
depth of the feelings are completely
unparalleled the second form is GSA or
genetic sexual attraction this occurs
when people were separated for long
periods of time while at least one of
them was a small child
reunited as adults they attempt to
establish a family bond and then process
they fall in love
this differs from the first kind in a
some ways most notably the fact that the
people have to get to know each other as
they would in traditional dating
however because the family bond is also
established they do also experience the
same double love as incest couples in
both groups by far the most common form
of concept in a memory is the union of
brother and sister
although parent and offspring is not
uncommon in both groups people have
happy and healthy relationships that
harm nobody and yet they are persecuted
worldwide for their unconventional love
lives there is no way this love should
be a crime it's about time we gave such
people equal rights and stopped harming
them by participating in persecution if
you want some more information on the
subject go to concentration and memory .
wordpress.com and read what's there
I also linked to other websites which
you will find in the links section take
a look for yourself before you pass
judgment on an entire community.